Understanding the question

	what is an API ?
An Application Programming Interface is a tool and a set of rules
that enable softwares applications to communicate to eah other. It allows for the
transfer and manipulation of data.
In a simpler context they can be regarded as a waiter in a hotel set-up,
connecting a customer(client at the UI) and the kitchen/serving room(the backend of the applination)


	What the question says!
Okay, the question starts by mentioning a Groupie Tracker,
which in a general understanding, is a way of tracking a fan base application
for an artist or a band. True to its name that is what it actually does.

We are required to take information from an API, probably an API Directory to read a map of API endpoints that contain the data for artists, dates, location and the relations.

Additionally we are required to create a friendly website, that will be used to render the data we collect  from the APIs.
A range of options are provided to render the details in the web pages: [blocks, cards, tables, list, pages, graphics etc.]

The project is meant to allow us learn more about: Manipulation and storage of data, JSON and format, HTML, Event creation and display, Client-Server.


	What is a JSON ?
Well, Java Script Object Notation is a lightweight format used to
storing and exchanging data. Like a way to format data for it to be readable by any machine and even humans.

A JSON is made up of:
	Curly Braces => Defines an object
	Key-value Pairs => a label can be the key and the actual data can be the value
	Arrays => Are ordered list of values

okay, let us learn how we can access these data in the JSON to use in our APIs.
To access information(data) developers make certain HTTP requests using GET method or POST to the API endpoint, this will return a URL containing a JSON formatted data.
/n/nHow does the server(our backend) receive our JSON response ?
The
 server processes the request and responds with data from as JSON whoh is typically a string that needs to be parsed.

Let us know how to parse the data from the API(which is in a JSON format). Usually, we would use a function in Java Script Json.parse() to convert Json string into a usable Java Script object.

I know, we need to try and stick more on the Golang side and avoid shortcuts, as thtis the best way to learn something, doing it from scratch.
And so, let us see how we can do this instead in Golang(Parse data from the Json format t) to a form we can use in Golang

	Define Custom types:
First we will need to defie the custom types(structures) of the Json data that we will be expecting

	Next we will make some requests to the API endpoint that returns JSON data
After that, we will need to unmarshal the data into our struct using the json.Unmarshal()
Once unmarshalled, we can access the data through our structures.

After parsing, specific data is then accessed using a dot notation or a bracket notation. i.e: if the data contains many data, a loop can be used to access certain data wanted from it.

Finally the data is then used to display through the html documentation in the web pages.
